GSoC blogpost entry (#123)
neuroinformatics-unit/neuroinformatics-unit.github.io: docs/source/blog/gsoc2025.md

:blogpost: true
:date: February 28, 2025
:author: Sofía Miñano
:location: London, UK
:category: Blog
:language: English
:image: 1

(target-gsoc2025)=
# We are participating in Google Summer of Code 2025!
*Join us over the summer and contribute to open-source neuroscience tools*

```{image} /_static/blog_images/gsoc2025/GSoC-icon.svg
:width: 40%
```
```{image} /_static/logo_light.png

> :width: 33%

Reviewer: On my browser, these don't look great. They're different sizes, and weirdly large. Not sure how to improve it, could just remove?

Author: @niksirbi did his magic and created a single image instead - would you mind having a look? I think it will behave much better now

Reviewer: Perfect

```

<br>

We are excited to announce our participation in the Google Summer of Code program for 2025!

## What is Google Summer of Code?
[Google Summer of Code](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) (GSoC) is a **global online programme** for introducing new developers to open source software. Participants get hands-on experience in real world development, become part of an open source community and also receive a stipend from Google.

> In 2025, NIU has been accepted as a mentoring organisation. This means we’ll be guiding selected contributors through 12-week programming projects, pairing them with NIU developers to work on our software tools. So if you’re keen to contribute to open source tools that support neuroscience research, this is your chance!

Reviewer: According to the GSoC docs, this is flexible. 
```suggestion
In 2025, NIU has been accepted as a mentoring organisation. This means we’ll be guiding selected contributors through 8-22 week programming projects, pairing them with NIU developers to work on our software tools. So if you’re keen to contribute to open source tools that support neuroscience research, this is your chance!
```
